---
title: "cv"
categories:
  - cv
tags:
  - cv
  - 
---

# Alif Aziz

Medical and Neuroscience student interested in biological and artificial descriptions of learning. Possesses significant research experience in machine learning, software design, and in a clinical medical environment. Demonstrable interest in building hardware and software.


## Education

**MSc Neuroscience, University of Oxford**
- Title to be decided.
- Supervised by: Prof. Tim Behrens, Dr. Alon Baram, Svenja Küchenhoff
- Analysis of fMRI data modelling a cognitive navigation task
- Investigating the classification performance of hierarchical predictive dendrites networks.
  - Supervised by: Prof. Rafal Bogacz, Prof. Nicol Harper
  - Co-author in upcoming paper for this contribution
  - Developed novel biologically plausible machine learning algorithm for classification (Deep learning & classification)
  - Derived mathematical model dynamics and implemented to explore non-linear dynamics of the model.
  - Link to implementation: [Predictive-Neurons](https://github.com/alifuaziz/Predictive-Neurons)

**iBSc Mathematics, Computing and Medicine (Hons), University College London**
- Development of a spatial navigation task using line-following robots
  - Supervised by: Prof John O’Keefe, Dr. Jake Ormand
  - Developed a python library for controlling a robotic maze for an animal navigation task
  - Self-taught object-oriented programming and library development
  - Integrated software with hardware used for the animal experiment task
  - Link to software library: [Honeycomb-Maze](https://github.com/alifuaziz/Honeycomb-Maze)

**Modules Taken**
- Machine Learning for Domain Specialists
- Introductory Python (coursework link: [GhitaHub](https://github.com/Sam-Fin/GhitaHub))
- Mathematical Methods in Medical Physics
- Mathematical Modelling in Biomedicine
- Neural Computation: Models of Brain Function

**Medicine MBBS, University College London**
- Preclinical anatomy, physiology, for all the human systems (including undergraduate level biochemistry, physiology, anatomy, and neuroscience)
- Clinical Placements in a range of hospital specialties (inc. Neurology)

**St Johns College, Cardiff**
- A Levels: Biology (A*), Chemistry (A*), Physics (A*), Mathematics (A), EPQ (A*)
- GCSEs: (7 A*s, 3 As)

## Additional Academic Experience

### June – Aug 2022
**Research Internship at Max Plank Centre for Computation Psychiatry**
- Supervised by Prof. Raymond Dolan FRS & Lennart Luettgau
- Developing Successor Representation Models and Comparing them to RNNs (with PyTorch) performing the same task

### Jan – April 2022
**Abstract submission, poster presentation & Highly Commended Award to BHIVA conference**
- Supervised by Dr. Tristan Barber, Ian Charleson Day Centre, Royal Free Hospital
- Entitled: Regimens and outcomes for people with HIV and known hepatitis B core antibody positivity

### 2019 – 2021
**Rani Rawji Studentship**
- Supervised by Nischalan Pillay (Awarded £1000)
  - Summer research project with the Pillay Lab, UCL Cancer Institute [Summer 2020]
  - Poster presentation entitled Characterisation of the Soft Tissue Sarcoma Tumour Microenvironment Using Image Analysis at PathSoc Winter Meeting [Jan 2022]
  - Poster Presentation at Studentship Seminar entitled Analysis of Gene Composition of Undifferentiated Sarcoma [Nov 2021]

## Other Interests

### 2021 – 2022
**Social Secretary of Rani Rawji Studentship**
- Interviewed and selected candidates for £1000 Research studentships for 1st and 2nd year medical students
- Organised and hosted student research conferences and social events.

### 2019 – 2023
**RUMS MDs Comedy Society**
- Acting and comedy sketch writing
- Directed sell-out comedy show at Museum of Comedy, London (2021)
- Directed Edinburgh Fringe show (2023)

### 2014 – 2016
**F1 in Schools, National Competition Winners (2015, 2016)**
- 3D Modelling (Autodesk Fusion 360) and Fluid dynamics simulation (Autodesk CFD)
- Manufacturing and production of model car (3D printing and CAD)
